all right so here is your
prescription proac magnesium is is this
everything yeah pretty much is this all
the prescription I need to cure my
depression and anxiety no you will have
to try that and then come back to us and
see how you feel what do you mean try
and then come back look I think this is
incomplete why do you think that because
I don't see on this prescription money
everybody knows money buys happiness and
all your years of studying and PhD and
Science Background you have never heard
that money by's happiness I mean yeah
we've heard it but it's not something we
can prescribe to patients why not if I
show this to my husband he will finally
believe me that I need money to be happy
I personally don't think you need money
to be happy look I can agree with you
but if I do that we will both be wrong
so I need you to add uh1 $1.5 million as
as prescription over the first the first
month please